welcome to Pharaoh training select life
tracking first we want to talk about the
life tracking and after that we take a
look at the workspace structure after
recording now the asus external and
Microsoft Connect drivers have been
installed properly and the device is
connected to your computer but now how
to start a live tracking session you
have three possibilities to start a live
tracking you can start it by clicking
the live tracking button in the toolbar
or you can click the start button in the
live tracking settings dialog I just
simply press f5 on your keyboard if you
start with the live tracking a new
sequence folder will appear in structure
view in the split window will show up
with the video picture in the color 3d
point cloud and there's also a progress
dialog which so see the status of a
recording here you can see the
appearance of CNET wildlife tracking on
the right side you see the video screen
and on the left side you see a 3d view
of your point cloud and at the bottom
there's the progress dialogue which so
see the quality in the status of your
recording in the video screen recognized
features will be displayed as little
process the color of this crosses gives
you information about the quality the
blue one our new recognized features the
cream-colored
crosses are good features and they are
used for tracking the yellow colored
crosses are recognized features that are
not yet used but they are good
candidates for tracking and the red
crosses are recognized but not good
enough for tracking the progress dialog
shows the number of frames in the
overall quality of the tracking the
cream color means that there is enough
structure and movement of the device is
not too fast
the yellow color means at least one of
the both quality criteria is below a
certain threshold keep an eye on the
number of recognized features in the
movement of the device the red color
means at least one of both quality
criteria is critical and tracking us on
the verge of getting lost let's start a
life tracking together started by
clicking honest
but in the life tracking settings bar
just click on the start life tracking
button or just simply press f5 now you
see on the right side the life video of
the environment and after a few seconds
on the left side you will see the 3d
point cloud of her skin in the progress
dialog you are able to check the quality
of your skin and the current status
you can stop the life tracking at any
time by pressing escape what happens if
the tracking got lost if the video
picture will change to this picture
you're tracking got lost this year red
and the cream cross to align the sensor
tried to move the sensor so that the
green and the red crosses match so now
the live tracking is finished let's have
a look at the workspace structure here
you can see the workspace structure
under the fall skins you will find all
recorded sequences the sequence folder
under the scans folder contains all the
frames snapshots and other objects of a
single sequence the frames folder
contains all the captured key frames of
your sequence in the snapshots folder
you will find all the snapshots of your
sequence the trajectory contains the
object that represents the trajectory of
your recording device let's take a look
at the workspace structure in CNET under
a folder skins you will find the folder
sequence and in this folder you will
find all the key frames of your sequence
and there's also the trajectory this is
the orange line in your skin